-→ Defination
→ It is an application protocol used over an IP Network to manage and access the distributed directory information. It is found in active directory(Windows Servers)
→ The primary purpose of a directory service is to provide a systematic set of records, usually organised in hierarchical structure.
   ⇒ It is Similar to a telephone directory that contains a list of subscribers with their contacts number and address.

-→ How To connect to a  LDAP session?
→ A client needs to connect  to the  server known as the Directory System Agent, Which is by default set to TCP Port 389.
→ After the connection is established, the client and the server exchange packets of data. Basic encoding rules are used to transfer information between the server and client.

-→ Structure Of LDAP
→ The Server is capable of holding a sub-tree and it's children, beginning from a particular entry.

-→ Operations On LDAP
→ Add - This is used to insert a new entry into the directory - to -server database.
→ Bind - On connection with the LDAP server, the default authentication state of the session is anonymous.
   ⇒ There are basically 2 types of authentication meathods:
      • The Simple Auth Meathod
      • The SASL Authentication meathod(Simple Authentication And Security Layer)
→ Delete - This operation is used to delete an ectry from the server.
→ Modify - This operation is used by LDAP clients to make request for making changes to the already existing database.
   ⇒ These can be made by using following operations:
      • Add (Including a new value)
      • Delete (Delete an already existing value)
      • Replace (Overwriting an existingvalue with new one).
   ⇒ Unbind - There is the inverse of bind opeation. Unbind aborts any existing operation, leaving no response in the end.

--->Kali Linus For LDAP Enumeration:
→ ldapadd         
→ ldapdelete      
→ ldapexop        
→ ldapmodrdn      
→ ldapsearch      
→ ldapwhoami      
→ ldapcompare     
→ ldapdomaindump  
→ ldapmodify      
→ ldappasswd      
→ ldapurl