If you want to report mistake or correction please check out Readme.md THANK YOU 😋


Q1. Any real or suspected event in relation to the security of the computer system/networks is?
Ans. Computer Security Incident.

Link: https://www.terena.org/activities/tf-csirt/iodef/docs/i-taxonomy_terms.html

Q2. Which one is not the benefit of vulnerability assessment and penetration testing?
    -> identifies vulnerabilities and risks in your networking infrastructure
    -> Validates the security of system upgrades.
    -> does not protects the integrity of online assets.
    -> raise executive awareness of corporate liability.

Ans. 3

Q3. Security procedure includes.
    -> the level of sophistication of the parties with reference to their technological capacity.
    -> the volume of similar transactions engaged in by other parties.
    -> the procedure in general use of similar types of transaction or communications.
    -> All 0f these.

Ans. 4

Q4. The Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 shall be amended in the manner specified in the forth schedule to this Act.
Ans. ?

Q5. Why has ISO 17799 been renamed to ISO 27002?
Ans. Wanted to align the information security standards under a common naming structure ISO 2700

Q6. Full Form of CIA in ISMS?
Ans. Confidentiality, Integrity And Availability.

Q7. Registry Keys Contain sub-key, but can't contain any sub-keys.
Ans. False

Q8. There are 2 types of attacks.
Ans. Technical And Non-Technical Attacks.

Q8. What is Ping Of Death?
Ans. An attacker sends an ICMP echo request packet that's larger than the maximum IP packet size. It can't reassemble the packets, so the OS crashes and reboots.

Q9. A monolithic system is integrated into a single unit.
Ans.  True

Q10. Symptoms if you are infected with DDOS attack.
    -> Programs run slowly
    -> services fail at a hgh rate
    -> users complaint about slow (or no) site access.

Ans. All of these.

Q10. Those people who have been either sacked by their employer or are dissatisfied with their employer are known as discontented employees.
Ans. True.

Q11. 