Get Method:
    The GET method retrieves whatever information is identified by the request Uniform Resource Identifier (URI).
        The termURI is commonly used synonymously with Uniform ResourceLocator (URL).
        Technically, a URL is a type of URI that defines a resource and includes a way to
        locate that resource by way of its network location.

    GET requests shouldn’t alter data; they should just retrieve data from a server
        and return it in the HTTP message body. For example, on a social media site, 
        a GET request should return your profile name but not update your profile.
    This behavior is critical for the cross-site request forgery (CSRF)

Head Method:
    The HEAD method is identical to the GET method except the server must not return a 
        message body in the response.

Post Method:
    The POST method invokes some function on the receiving server, as determined by the 
        server. In other words, typically there will be some type of backend action performed,
        such as creating a comment, registering a user, deleting an account,and so on. The action
        performed by the server in response to a POST can vary. Sometimes, the server may take 
        no action at all .For example, a POST request could cause an error to occur while a
        request is being processed, and a record wouldn’t be saved on the server.

Put Method:
    The PUT method invokes some function that refers to anal ready existing record on the 
        remote website or application. For example, it might be used when updating an account,
        a blog post, or so on that already exists. Again, the action performed can vary and 
        might result in the server taking no action at all.

Delete Method:
    The DELETE method requests that the remote server delete a remote resource identified
        with a URI.

Tracer Method:
    The TRACE method is another uncommon method; it is used to reflect the request message
        back to the requester. It allows the requester to see what is being received by the 
        server and to use that information for testing and collecting diagnostic information.

Connect Method:
    The CONNECT method is reserved for use with a proxy, a server that forwards requests to
        other servers. This method starts two-way communications with a requested resource.
        For example, the CONNECT method can access websites that use HTTPS via a proxy.

Options Method:
    The OPTIONS method requests information from a server about the communication options available. For example,
        by calling for OPTIONS, you can find out whether the server accepts GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, and OPTIONS calls.
        This method won’t indicate whether a server accepts HEAD or TRACE calls.
        Browsers automatically send this type of request for specific content types, such as application/json.